During the Durga Puja festival in Bangladesh , Muslim extremists attacked and vandalized Hindu temples and communities .
This was sparked by a video showing a Quran being placed on a Hindu idol .
Bangladesh 's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina condemned the attacks .


Violence occurred in Bangalore due to a derogatory Facebook post about Prophet Muhammad .
The violence resulted in three deaths , 110 arrests , and the injury of 60 police officers .
Hindus and Muslims have condemned the violence , and some blame religious fundamentalism , the media , and politicians for inciting it .
There is a call for freedom of expression and legal means to address grievances.



On 6th January , 2021 , supporters of Donald Trump stormed the Capitol building , leading to at least four deaths and 52 arrests .
The rioters were protesting the certification of election results , which confirmed Joe Biden as the 46th President of the United States .
Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube are mentioned as having taken action to remove Trump 's posts or restrict his accounts . 


In May 2020 , George Floyd, an unarmed African American man , was killed in Minneapolis police custody .
The poor guy died of apparent asphyxiation , after an officer pressed his knee against Floyd 's neck , for allegedly using a counterfeit bill .
The incident has led to the firing of four officers , with Derek Chauvin , the officer who knelt on Floyd's neck , later convicted of murder. 



Hong Kong is facing several ongoing legal battles and controversies , including the proposed extradition bill that could send fugitives to mainland China for trial .
The bill has sparked protests and raised concerns about the erosion of Hong Kong 's legal system .
Other legal issues in Hong Kong include same - sex marriage, commercial disputes, and job postings in law firms .



The ongoing crisis between Israel and Palestine with Israel dropping bombs on Gaza , resulting in more than 200 dead , and the displacement of 2500 people. 
The crisis is causing significant humanitarian and security concerns .
Doctors in Gaza are struggling to keep up with the demand for medical care , and there are warnings of a potential full - scale war in the region .
The media is being criticized for not providing sufficient coverage of the situation , and there are calls for objectivity and unity among Muslim countries . 


Northern Ireland has experienced violent riots and unrest for over a week , resulting in injuries to over 50 police officers and dozens of arrests .
The riots have seen cars hijacked , petrol bombs thrown , and a bus set on fire , and a lot more .
The cause of the riots is multifaceted , ranging from Brexit , to an IRA funeral , to COVID - 19 restrictions , to frusrations over IRA protocol .



On January 30 , a suicide bombing attack took place in a mosque located in the Police Lines area of Peshawar , Pakistan , which resulted in the deaths of over 100 people and injuring hundreds more .
Pakistani authorities made several arrests in connection with the attack .
The Tehreek - e - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , an Islamist terror organization , claimed responsibility for the attack , which was carried out in revenge for the death of Umar Khalid Khurasani .
